README.md, before:

# - Teste de lógica com C#️ (Português)

## Sobre o projeto:
- Este desafio foi realizado para validar as minhas ***skills*** para com C#.
- O IDE utilizado para o desafio foi o ***VS Code*** por conta de certas limitações de espaço na máquina local.
- O código foi escrito em ***inglês*** pois as instruções do exercício estavam em ***inglês***.
- O ***README*** foi feito nos dois idiomas por garantia.

## Instruções gerais:
- Para rodar o exercício no ***VS Code***, é necessário baixar as extenções que estão no final do arquivo.
- O código do arquivo ***Program.cs*** irá testar a lógica encontrada na classe ***Network***.
- Os resultados serão apresentados no ***terminal***.
- Para alterar os testes, basta mudar os valores dos mesmos na classe ***Program***.
- A versão do ***.NET*** utilizado foi a 8 no ***windows 11***.


----
# - Logic test with C#️ (English)

## About the project:
- This challenge has been taken to validate my C# ***skills***.
- ***VS Code*** was the IDE chosen because of the lack of space in the machine used for the challenge.
- The code has been written in ***English*** due to the fact that the instructions were in ***English***.
- The ***README*** file was made in both languages to make sure it's easy to understand it.

## General instructions:
- To run the challenge on ***VS Code***, it's necessary to download the extentions found at the end of this file.
- The code in ***Program.cs*** will test the logic inside the class ***Network***. 
- The results will be displayed in the ***terminal***.
- To change the tests it's necessary to change the integers used for testing in the ***Program*** class.
- The ***.NET*** version user was the 8 on ***windows 11***.

----
# VS Code Extensions:
```
C# for Visual Studio Code
C# Dev Kit for Visual Studio Code
.NET Install Tool
```

Commit message:

Final commit
fix: Final adjustments for the challenge.

README.md, after:

# - Teste de lógica com C#️ (Português)

## Sobre o projeto:
- Este desafio foi realizado para validar as minhas ***skills*** para com C#.
- O IDE utilizado para o desafio foi o ***VS Code*** por conta de certas limitações de espaço na máquina local.
- O código foi escrito em ***inglês*** pois as instruções do exercício estavam em ***inglês***.
- O ***README*** foi feito nos dois idiomas por garantia.
- Não foram utilizadas ferramentas externas ou facilitadores como o ***Linq***, para poder focar na prática da lógica apenas.

## Instruções gerais:
- Para rodar o exercício no ***VS Code***, é necessário baixar as extenções que estão no final do arquivo.
- O código do arquivo ***Program.cs*** irá testar a lógica encontrada na classe ***Network***.
- Os resultados serão apresentados no ***terminal***.
- Para alterar os testes, basta mudar os valores dos mesmos na classe ***Program***.
- A versão do ***.NET*** utilizado foi a 8 no ***windows 11***.
- Verificar com cautela todas as configurações para poder rodar o exercício no ***Visual Studio***.
- O comando para rodar o desafio via PowerShell é ***dotnet run*** dentro do dir TesteDeLogica.

----
# - Logic test with C#️ (English)

## About the project:
- This challenge has been taken to validate my C# ***skills***.
- ***VS Code*** was the IDE chosen because of the lack of space in the machine used for the challenge.
- The code has been written in ***English*** due to the fact that the instructions were in ***English***.
- The ***README*** file was made in both languages to make sure it's easy to understand it.
- External tools and imports such as ***Linq*** were not used to focus all the practice on just the loigc alone.

## General instructions:
- To run the challenge on ***VS Code***, it's necessary to download the extentions found at the end of this file.
- The code in ***Program.cs*** will test the logic inside the class ***Network***. 
- The results will be displayed in the ***terminal***.
- To change the tests it's necessary to change the integers used for testing in the ***Program*** class.
- The ***.NET*** version user was the 8 on ***windows 11***.
- Check all the setup necessary to run the code on ***Visual Studio***.
- The command to run the challenge via PowerShell is ***dotnet run*** inside the TesteDeLogica dir.

----
# VS Code Extensions:
- C# for Visual Studio Code
- .NET Install Tool
- C# Dev Kit for Visual Studio Code
